(Parental guidance advised for viewers under the age of 12.)
Seol A and Soo A.
Can you write your names yet or not?
- I can... - It's a bit...
- hard for me. - What is this?
Write "Lee Soo A".
- Write "Lee Soo A"? - Yes.
I want to see who can write their names well.
- One at a time. - I can do it.
Seol A, look.
Soo...
(What was next again?)
(Soo A writes carefully and intelligently.)
A circle.
They're all grown up...
now that they can write their names.
It's perfect.
(Oh, It's brilliant.)
I'm done, Daddy.
Soo A, you did a great job.
(Seol A surely but slowly writes her name.)
Daddy, I'm done.
You did a great job too, Seol A.
You've all written your names down, right?
Now, whose dog is this?
- It's mine. - Is it yours, Seol A?
No, it's mine.
You can get into fights while sharing toys.
So, I've come up with an idea.
(Whenever they get new toys...)
(I want to try too.)
(They all begin to covet them.)
(Hey!)
(A fiery battle of ownership ensues.)
(Soo Jin asks, "Why?")
(The toy inside is mine,)
(but Soo A keeps taking it.)
(They all cry and take claim.)
But it's mine.
You'll be labeling everything that's yours.
Anything yellow will be Seol A's.
Anything pink will belong to Soo A.
Stick them on anything that's yours.
Once they're labelled, they're yours, Soo A.
(This method can curb ownership arguments.)
You'll all stop fighting now, okay?
Si An, everything they have...
will become yours once they get older.
You'll end up inheriting all their toys.
Okay?
I'm going to visit the supermarket,
so finish the task.
- Okay. - Okay.
The Return of Superman, episode 204.
"We Need Secrets of Our Own."
Everything here is mine.
(She frantically labels everything...)
(just in case she'll lose them to Soo A.)
This doll is mine.
Then, the TV is mine.
The fan is also mine.
And this is mine too.
Si An's toys are mine too.
(Si An got tagged by Seol A.)
Si An, you're mine now.
The bedroom is mine.
(The possession dispute continues.)
I'm going to stick more.
No, I'm going to put more stickers.
My little rascals.
(What's all this?)
- Hello. - Daddy...
(There are Post-it notes everywhere.)
Why are there so many of them everywhere?
- What's wrong? - Look at me.
Take a good look. Ta-da.
Everything got labelled?
Yes, I stuck them everywhere.
No, it wasn't you, Si An.
It was Seol A.
No, I stuck all of them.
Take a look at them.
What? Stuck what?
- This. - Whose is that?
(The labels have changed to greenish yellow.)
Si An stuck them all over, but they're all mine.
(Si An sneakily labelled everything.)
Everyone is surprised.
I didn't give you any. Where did you get these?
I did...
(Si An is concerned over something.)
While his sisters fought over their stuff,
he secretly participated in the ownership battle.
(Greenish yellow Post-its?)
(I have an idea.)
This belongs to me now.
I put it on the TV too.
This isn't done yet.
(He meticulously takes off the yellow memo.)
This isn't Soo A's.
It's mine.
(He posts his label on it.)
This is my potty.
(He plans to win back all his stuff.)
This is mine now.
- You're mine too, right? - Sure.
Only focus on me.
(He enjoys a moment to himself.)
There it is.
(Soo A has already claimed this banana.)
I'm going to take this off the banana.
I like bananas.
This banana is delicious.
This banana is tasty.
It's tasty because it's mine.
Whose greenish yellow Post-its are these?
It's mine.
- Is it yours? - Yes.
Is this yours, Si An?
Is that why you labelled it?
I guess this is Si An's too.
- What? - He labelled it.
Why did you stick it here?
(Labeling everything was real hard work.)
Come here, Si An.
I've confirmed all your belongings now.
Now, take off all your labels.
(Take them off?)
I told you to only stick them on toys.
I never told you to stick them on TV.
You posted the most, Si An. Take them all off.
Do you not want to because they're all yours?
I told you to stick them only on your toys.
(He even second-hands underwear.)
Why are all your underwear red?
(Even his walking training clothes were pink.)
(His hand-me-down history goes all the way back.)
(Sighing)
Since Si An is the youngest,
he takes hand-me-downs from his sisters.
Surprisingly, he even inherits their underwear.
I realized that he desires his own belongings.
Now.
I'll label them for you. Stop fighting now.
(He writes Si An's name first.)
Here, it's yours. Stick it on the front.
Isn't this nice?
Now, you can't fight anymore, okay?
- All right. - I should do it too.
Where would you stick yours, Daddy?
Come here, Si An.
Why? You're going to label Si An?
How did you know?
Si An, you're mine.
Look.
Okay, I'll take it off.
Oh, did it hurt. I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry, Si An. - It hurts, Daddy.
- I'm sorry. - It's okay.
It's okay, right?
Stop it.
You're not mine, Si An?
I belong to Mommy.
Then who is mine? Seol A, you're mine.
Seol A, you're mine.
Only Seol A is going to get a Popsicle.
I'll be yours.
- You'll be mine? - Me too.
- Okay. - I'm yours, Daddy,
- I'll be yours, Daddy. - You're mine.
I belong to Daddy.
I love you, Daddy.
(We're forever daddy's children.)
(The twins have come out to play.)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
- He's so cute. - Hello.
(Is there anything fun to do?)
They're so cute.
Hey, Seo Jun.
(Halting)
(Someone appears from a distance.)
Someone welcomingly calls out to them.
(The face becomes clearer as they approach.)
Hey, Seo Eon and Seo Jun.
(A voice longingly calls the twins' names.)
Seung Hoon.
Hey, Seung Hoon.
- Hey, Seo Jun. - Seung Hoon.
(We missed our friend, Seung Hoon.)
How did you get here?
You didn't know that I was coming today, right?
(How did Seung Hoon end up surprising them?)
I challenge Daddy.
- You challenge me? - I challenge you, Daddy.
I will beat everyone.
You can't beat me.
- You can't be defeated? - Yes.
Same goes for me too.
In 3, 2, 1. Go.
Let's go.
Seo Jun is out.
(Oh, gosh)
Don't lose.
Win, win.
There you go.
(Hwi Jae clears Seo Jun's top.)
(Due to Hwi Jae's move,)
(Seo Eon's top comes to a halt.)
You touched mine, Dad.
(You touched mine!)
No.
No, you did.
I just took this out.
(This was all a ruse.)
This isn't fun.
It's not fun.
We're tired of playing by ourselves.
(Is it not fun because you're with me?)
Let's challenge Seung Hoon.
Seung Hoon?
(He calls Seung Hoon to challenge him.)
Hello?
- Who is it? - Who did you call?
It's Seo Eon.
Seo Eon called.
Hey, it's me.
I miss you, Seo Eon.
Me too.
What's with this all the sudden?
(They couldn't meet him a lot after moving.)
Hello?
Uncle.
Hi, Seung Hoon. Hold on, okay?
Is it Seung Hoon?
Hey, Seung Hoon.
Yes?
Are you good at spinning tops?
Yes, I'm totally good at it.
Can you beat me? I'm totally strong.
(Laughing)
Hey, don't cry after you lose to me, okay?
There's no reason to cry.
I challenge you tomorrow, Seung Hoon.
Are you confident enough to face me?
I'm a bit busy.
(I'm a bit busy.)
Why are you busy?
I have to study.
(Study? That can't be right.)
Hey, Seung Hoon.
I'm busy, so I'll think about it.
I thought you were busy. How did you get here?
I have a question.
Why did you study yesterday?
I didn't study.
You lied?
So, did you study?
Yes, twice.
- You studied? - I studied.
Well, I have my top right here.
I brought my top.
See, take a look.
Are you going to compete today?
See you later, okay?
Should we have a match?
Let's go spin them.
Let's go spin them, friends.
Let's all go.
Follow me.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(The three musketeers bust into a song.)
(Humming happily)
Hey, it's time to move out.
- In 1, 2, 3, 4. - 3, 4.
(They're full of 5-year-old camaraderie.)
- 11, 12. - 11, 12.
(They trio arrive at the neighborhood park.)
We're here.
Let's take out our tops.
Do you have a purple one?
Yes.
Really?
I have one too.
See.
Hey, we have the same color.
We have the same color.
Yes, except Seo Eon.
(We have the same color except Seo Eon.)
Teasing him will make him mad. Right?
(Nodding)
Are you the best in Dongcheon-dong?
We're the best in our neighborhood.
Let's compete to see who's the best here.
Let's go. I'll show you my strength.
I'm probably the best in the world.
- Are you ready? - Yes.
In, 3, 2, 1...
- Let it rip. - Let it rip.
(It lands on Seo Jun's shoe and falls apart.)
What's going on?
It's destroyed.
What does that mean?
It's broken.
I won.
That's unbelievable.
That's what you call unbelievable.
- Unbelievable. - It's unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
In 3, 2, 1.
(What is this familiar sound?)
Hey.
I hear someone saying,
"Let it rip".
Right?
Let's go.
- Why? - They're older than us.
We can just play with them.
(Seo Eon runs ahead with excitement.)
Hey, take your bags.
(Oh, that's right.)
Let's go. En-guard.
(He gets excited quickly.)
Hey, did you steal mine?
- No. Why? - Let me see.
(Seo Eon is missing a top.)
I didn't.
Did Seung Hoon take it?
I'll be off.
Hey, where's my top.
I don't have it.
But I only have two.
(It's a poltergeist's mischief.)
I think Seo Jun took it.
It's not me.
Hey, show me.
I have three.
One of these is Seo Eon's.
(What?)
Is this yours?
(He got the same ones confused.)
(He returns the mistakenly taken top.)
In 3, 2, 1.
- Let it rip. - Let it rip.
They follow the familiar sound.
(Smiling)
They spot older kids competing with tops.
(Older kids are spinning tops.)
Hey.
I know how to play too.
Me too.
But how is the ring so big?
My dad got it for me.
Ours is just this small.
I have this one too.
- Do you know this? - Yes.
- It's Lost Longinus. - It's Lost Longinus.
Oh, they know them all.
- How old are you? - Five-years-old.
We're Seo Eon and Seo Jun.
- He's Seung Hoon. - You're...
- Seo Eon, Seo Jun. - He's Seung Hoon.
How old are you?
- We're 9-years-old. - We're 9-years-old.
Are you friends?
- Yes. - Yes.
- Do you know how to play? - Yes.
- Are you good? - Yes.
Want to play?
- Want to? - Want to join?
- Sure, let's play. - Come join.
(Let me warm up.)
It's red.
Hey, he's very good.
He spins it better than me.
(He's shocked at Seo Jun's skill.)
(Well, it's not much.)
(The Dongcheon-dong master is struggling.)
Hey, Seo Eon. This isn't working.
Seo Eon, this isn't going in.
- Hold on. - It's not working.
Seo Eon, we're friends. Lend me the white one.
- Use this. - Try one more time.
(I guess I have to help.)
I'll fix it for you.
(He helps his friends diligently.)
Here you go, Seung Hoon.
- Let's go, Seung Hoon. - Let's do this.
Guys, we challenge you.
We challenge you.
I accept your challenge.
It's 3 versus 3.
This match decides the winning team.
- Choose a name. - A name for your team.
Let's be Galaxy Zeus.
- Galaxy Zeus. - Legendary Galaxy Zeus.
("Legendary"? That rings nicely.)
What's going to be your team's name?
The Legendary...
(He copies them first.)
Emperor Pokemon.
- The Legendary... - Rich Man?
- The Legendary Rich Man? - Rich Man?
- Do that. - Do it.
Let's chant.
- Let's go... - Legendary Galaxy Zeus.
(We won't lose. Let's do this.)
(Let's put our palms together.)
- Let's go... - Legendary Rich Man.
(They've got spirit.)
(Top Battle)
Their reputations are on the line.
Who will be victorious?
Are we really starting?
- Yes. - Face off now.
Who will go alone?
Me.
I'll go first.
I'll go.
Park Joo Hyun versus Lee Seo Eon.
- Beat him. - I shall defeat you.
I will destroy you!
That's funny. That sounded cute.
- "I'll destroy you." - That's funny.
He's so cute.
"I will destroy you."
Spin it hard.
Competitors, are you ready?
- In 3... - I want to switch.
(He nervously switches for the first match.)
(He's very serious.)
(Yes, this will do.)
I will defeat you.
- In 3, 2, 1. - In 3, 2, 1.
(The match begins.)
- Go, Seo Eon. - Go, Seo Eon.
You spun it hard.
- I won. - Go, Seo Eon.
- Go, Seo Eon. - Cheer too, guys.
- Go Joo Hyun. - Go Seo Eon.
- Go, Joo Hyun. - Go, Seo Eon.
(Seo Eon's spin weakens.)
Go, Lee Seo Eon.
- Go Joo Hyun. - He's winning.
- Hey, don't blow on it. - It won't stop.
Hey, why did you stop it?
Well, we win anyways.
Foul play.
Park Joo Hyun, wins.
(Joy and sorrow)
We're excited, but they are not.
Who's number two?
Me.
Round Two.
Will you go, Seung Hoon?
I'll be the referee.
Sure.
Here I go.
- In 3, 2. - Win this time.
(Win this time at all costs, buddy.)
- That's a great spin. - You go.
- Go, Joon. - Go, Joon.
(Look at their spirit.)
- Go, team, go. - Go, team, go.
(Seo Eon feels the urge to cheer his team on.)
(He chants at the top of his lungs.)
- Go, team, go. - Go, team, go.
(Legendary Rich Man loses again.)
Oh, no. We lost.
(As referee, he declares the winner.)
(Feeling determined)
(I will protect our reputation.)
We have to defeat them.
Oh Hyun Hoo versus Lee Seo Jun.
I will show you my power.
(I see you.)
(He may be smiling, but he's burning inside.)
(We cannot go down like this.)
(I believe in you, Seo Jun.)
In 3, 2, 1.
- Let it rip. - Let it rip.
This one's strong.
(Go, Legendary Rich Man!)
- Go, team, go. - Go, team, go.
(He falls into a trance.)
(They're in a frenzy.)
- Let's win, team. - Let's go.
- Go, team, go. - Go, team, go.
(Gosh)
(At the crucial final moment,)
(they won.)
(Gosh. I lost to a 5-year-old.)
Why is he so strong?
(Seo Jun smiles from ear-to-ear.)
Seo Jun, wins.
Yes. We won.
(Their team wins a precious victory.)
Why is he so strong?
Seo Jun, wins.
(He's excited.)
(Top Battle Final Result)
(2 losses to 1 win)
(The final victory goes to Legendary Galaxy Zeus.)
Let's play one more time and go get ice cream.
- Losers pay then. - We must win.
- Okay. - You have to win.
- Who're the strongest? - Me.
- Whose the strongest? - Me.
Me.
- No, it's Seo Jun. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(I understand, Seung Hoon, but let it go.)
I'm not going to play.
(They place the fate of their teams.)
(Winner takes all.)
Loser pays for ice cream.
(Who will stand at the end of this fierce match?)
- Let it rip. - Let it rip.
Hey.
(Joo Hyun's top is decimated.)
(He destroys Joo Hyun's top.)
- What's going on? - I win.
What's going on?
- What's wrong with you? - I didn't do anything.
I just spun it like usual.
Hold on.
You have to pitch in since we're in a team.
- Hey. - Seo Jun wins.
- Seo Jun wins. - I won.
We'll buy you ice cream.
Everyone, pack your stuff.
(He has the airs of a leader.)
Everyone pack your stuff.
(The older kids return with ice cream.)
Thank you for the ice cream.
No problem.
(They're sure cool kids.)
- Is it good? - Yes.
Let's meet again and play.
See you. Be well.
(The six boys share a warm huddle.)
Let's meet again. Be well.
- What do you want to eat? - Me?
I want non-spicy tteokbokki. How about you?
I want beef dumplings.
How about you?
(Sprawled out)
What do you want to eat?
(The heroic warrior slumbers.)
Did all that spinning make you sleepy?
Hey, Seo Jun.
Are you still sleeping, Seo Jun?
(Opening eyes)
(They forcefully open his eyes to wake him up.)
Are you still sleeping?
(Squirming)
I thought he woke up.
Why do you think he's so sleepy?
Let's not wake him up.
I want to play kiss.
(Puckering)
(Brotherly love blooms at this eatery.)
All right, Seo Jun.
Tteokbokki is here.
- And the dumplings. - That looks good.
(Browned beef dumplings and non-spicy tteokbokki)
- Let's share. - Thank you.
It's huge.
(He seems to have eaten this a lot.)
What do you learn at school?
Singing.
What song?
("Little Teddy", a newly learned song)
What's wrong with your voice?
I talked too much.
- I shouted too much. - You did?
(A hoarse voice was expected.)
(Passing gas)
Who farted?
- It wasn't me. - It's not you?
Was it Seo Jun?
Yes.
(Round 2 spraying)
(Chuckling)
It's you, right?
(Sorry, buddy.)
It was nice meeting you in a while today.
(Waking up)
(They're oblivious.)
(The prankster returns.)
- Gosh. - Turn around.
Hey, turn around.
He's awake.
Did you sleep well?
(Feeling bewildered, "What is all this?")
Do you want some?
Or do you want the dumplings?
Do you want some? We didn't finish it.
(Seung Hoon looks after his friend.)
Try the meat dumplings. They're good.
I should eat one too.
(He vacuums the food.)
Hey, Seung Hoon. Thanks for coming...
all the way here to see me.
Remember the three musketeers. Play again.
(Splashing)
(The bubble fairy descends.)
Bubble, bubble, bubble, balloons, balloons
(It's bubble bath time.)
(When bubble snow fall from the sky,)
(William gets excited.)
(Bubbles abound)
You became a balloon head.
(The bubbles block his view.)
(Blowing)
(It seems like a shampoo commercial.)
(Is daddy trying to shave?)
(What is that?)
(Merry Christmas)
(He's excited to see Santa.)
(Startled)
(Spitting out)
See him? Do you like your brother?
(Little brother doll)
Hello, William.
(Hello, brother.)
Hello, I'm Ding Dong. Give me a kiss.
Isn't he cute? Give him a kiss.
(He's so cute.)
He's so cute.
Caressing.
Are you happy?
(Squealing)
(Now, he refreshingly washes off.)
All right.
(He feels like he's under a waterfall.)
(Sputtering)
Don't worry.
Hey, come here.
(Bubble bath, done)
Daddy needs to clean up. Stay here a second.
(William enters the bedroom first.)
Stay there. I'm going to wash up.
While Sam tidies up the restroom,
William enjoys some sweet free time.
(Shall I go out and play?)
(He runs around the living room.)
(He stretches some.)
(Barking)
(You're getting on my nerves.)
Hello?
(I got you. It's time to get dressed.)
Give me your hand. Make a fist. Nice.
Hey, see me act on TV, okay?
I'll show you.
(They watch TV.)
(Isn't that Sam?)
Isn't that Sam?
(Isn't that daddy?)
Who is that?
(He's completely focused on the screen.)
Did you see me?
(It's a weeping scene.)
(He cries too.)
(I can't watch without a handkerchief.)
(Suddenly, Sam appears.)
(It's Sam's first time acting for a drama.)
(Upon seeing his dad, William becomes excited.)
- Where is he? - It's too late.
Jun Hyung is gone.
(Breathing heavily)
He passed away.
(Sam acts with his breaths.)
(He is absorbed in his performance.)
Dad. Dad.
That's me.
I am a good actor, right?
(No comment.)
Come here.
(Sam makes a call.)
- Hello? - Sam?
- What are you doing? - I am waiting for you.
Really? It's boring without me, right?
Not really.
- Come on. - Without you,
the place does feel a bit empty.
- It does, right? - What is William doing?
- William is next to me. - I miss him.
Would you bring William here? Please.
Sure. I will be there soon.
- Yes! - All right. Bye.
Let's go meet them. Come this way.
William, I have cool things to show you.
William, who is that?
Who is that?
Come here.
(Sam's picture is on the wall.)
Who is that?
(Let's see.)
Dad. Dad.
Where am I?
Sam!
- It's good to see you. - Sam.
Why am I so happy to see you?
It has been a while. How have you been?
He is so small!
- He is, right? - Sam is here.
(Seo Hye Jin runs out upon hearing his voice.)
- William! - How have you been?
This is incredible. He is so cute.
Is that Sam?
William!
(Hye Jin tires to get William's attention.)
Hello, William.
(No, I like that one.)
It's Wanna One.
He must like Wanna One.
He likes music.
(Dancing)
This is for you. Hold on.
(Sam prepared drinks for his colleagues.)
Give it to her.
Thank you.
William, let's go.
There are a lot of people to see today.
Hello. How pretty!
Hello. Hello.
(Who ran out of her waiting room?)
- William. - I ran out of the room...
upon hearing that William is here.
Really?
William, say hello to her.
(The queen, Hyun A)
How will William react to Hyun A?
William. William.
William, don't go.
- William. - How cute!
- William, come here. - Let's have a handshake.
- Give her a handshake. - High five!
Would you like to give her a kiss?
Would you give me a kiss?
Give her a kiss. Give her a kiss.
(I am not ready for that.)
(William is the master of playing hot and cold.)
You are playing too hard to get.
Thank you.
(He gives her a hug instead.)
Bye. See you again.
Bye. Bye.
(See you again.)
It has been a while, Sam.
Hello. Say hello to her.
- She is Geum Bo Ra. - Hello.
It's grandma.
My goodness.
This is crazy. He is so cute.
William, say hello.
- Hi. - Hello.
- My daughter is a fan. - Really?
She goes crazy when he is on TV.
I saw the episode in which his grandma came.
You went to the market with her.
- She came the last time. - How pretty!
William.
I forgot to ask you for a picture.
- I want to a picture. - It's a picture time.
I never ask anyone for a picture.
(William is the stars' star.)
- Look over here. - In 1, 2, 3.
William is very popular today.
I want to see him in real life, too.
My daughter became so excited.
She got so excited when I sent her a picture.
- Really? - She loves him so much.
- Thank you. - She became so excited.
(Bo Ra is taken with William.)
This is incredible.
William. William. Give this to Grandma.
You can even give things. My goodness.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hello.
(He goes to say hello to the staff and actors.)
- Director, hello. - Hello, Sam.
(The director takes William with him.)
Please drink one. Hello.
(He lets William see the cameras.)
Hello. Hello.
Please cheer up.
(Someone appears suddenly.)
Who are you?
I wondered who you are.
(The lead actress, Park Si Eun)
You are here.
Hello.
- You gained weight. - What?
You gained weight.
I look like a different person, right?
- My goodness. - He grew up.
- He grew up. - Seriously.
- Dad. Dad. - Sons are hard to raise.
- Dad. - I am here. I am here.
- How cute! - You can even speak.
Peek-a-boo! Give me a kiss.
(Everyone wants a kiss from him.)
Give her a kiss.
He doesn't want to.
He has never been this popular.
- How cute! - You are so pretty.
- See you later. - Thank you.
- Good luck. - Good luck.
William.
Where is he?
Should I call him?
I need to find him.
Is he not here?
It's a monster! It's a monster!
(Surprised)
(Lifting up)
(He is a strong boy.)
- Dad. - I am your dad.
- Sam! - How have you been?
How have you been?
Hi.
William, it's Ro Woon.
Say hello.
(Sam's best friend, Lee Ro Woon)
(He has played the young Hong Gil Dong.)
(He showed a great performance.)
(He is Song Kang Ho among child actors.)
Father.
(He appeared in a drama with Sam.)
(They became good friends.)
During the shoot, people said....
Ro Woon and William look very much alike.
William will be like him when he grows up.
Ro Woon was interested in William.
He always asked me to bring William.
Did you have a nice shoot?
Today? I had a nice shoot.
(William makes farting sounds.)
(He does it too.)
(William is the king of farting.)
(Fart, fart, fart)
(The three men have a good teamwork.)
(They go back and forth.)
(He is funny.)
Please lay the mat.
I will do that.
You are like a big brother.
(He lays out the mat that is taller than him.)
- All right. - I did it well, right?
William, you saw that, right?
It's comfortable.
If you sit, there is no space for us.
That's not true.
William can sit on my lap.
Okay.
You can't sit on my lap.
My goodness.
(Ro Woon joins in.)
(Ro Woon attacks him.)
(Hitting)
(He punishes Ro Woon.)
Did you just hit him?
He did.
You can't hit him.
Tell him that you are sorry.
- "I am sorry." - Let's shake our hands.
Don't hit people.
(Don't hit people.)
You have a lot of bags.
I only have two bags. That's not a lot.
You are like a middle-aged woman.
(What's inside your bag?)
- What is that? - It's a gift.
Where are there a lot?
(They have a good teamwork.)
Try it. Blow on it.
(William gives it a try.)
(He fails.)
(He can't blow on the rolling whistle.)
William.
(Ro Woon teaches him.)
Try it.
Will he succeed this time?
William! William! Give him a big hand!
William! Give him a big hand!
(He succeeded in blowing the rolling whistle.)
It's one sunny afternoon in fall.
Ji Yong is waiting for someone.
When will he come out?
(Who is he waiting for?)
(Seung Jae is leaving the kindergarten.)
He was waiting for Seung Jae.
Seung Jae!
(He is happy to see Seung Jae.)
(Smiling)
Dad is here. Dad is here.
(Where are you going?)
(He runs in a strange direction.)
(Then he turns to Ji Yong.)
I thought you were going somewhere.
(Seung Jae knows how to play hot and cold.)
Are you happy that I came to pick you up?
- Yes. - Really?
- How much do you like it? - This much.
This much? How much is this much?
- Much. - Much?
It's a butterfly!
- It's a butterfly! - Hi, butterfly!
Two butterflies are flying.
They are friends.
Are they friends?
They are hugging each other.
(They suddenly go their separate ways.)
They went their separate ways.
It's alone now.
Call for its friend.
Butterfly!
There it is.
(Flying)
Why are butterflies so fast?
They can fly.
Why? Why do they have wings?
They have wings in order to fly.
Why?
It's because butterflies fly.
They can't walk.
The butterfly must be looking for its prey.
Is the butterfly looking for its prey?
It's searching for ants.
(He is different from me.)
Bye, butterfly.
Do you like walking with me?
- Yes. - Let's go.
(He holds his dad's hand to go home.)
Dad, hold by bag.
Hold my bag.
(Sure. Today is a good day.)
Today is my birthday.
It's your birthday today. What do you want to eat?
I want a cake, grape, strawberry, and apple.
Since I got my paycheck, I will buy you tasty food.
What kind of a present would you like?
A dinosaur.
You have over 100 of them. Do you want another one?
Yes.
(Seung Jae is energetic on his birthday.)
Hello.
It's my birthday.
- Is it your birthday? - Yes.
Come to play later.
That would be nice.
Seung Jae, look at me.
I need to ask you a favor. Listen to me, okay?
Would you go to a mart and buy a zucchini?
I will be making food for you.
Please go to a mart and buy a zucchini.
- Okay? - Okay.
A zucchini! A zucchini! A zucchini! A zucchini!
Seung Jae.
Good things will happen to you today.
- I will be back. - Okay.
(What will happen to Seung Jae?)
A zucchini! A zucchini! A zucchini! A zucchini!
It's Seung Jae's birthday.
Happy birthday!
Okay.
Go, go.
It's an ice cream store.
Please give me ice cream.
Hello.
(This shop looks familiar.)
(I am here for ice cream.)
(He had failed to buy ice cream with a bottle.)
- Do you want ice cream? - Yes.
(He uses the money he got for a zucchini.)
Here is money.
You don't have to give me money.
I will give you ice cream.
Why?
You were sad when you couldn't eat it.
That's why I will give it to you as a present.
- Please wait. - Okay.
Seung Jae receives an unexpected gift.
Seung Jae must be excited.
- It's a gift. - Okay.
Bye.
I like strawberry flavor.
Do you like strawberry flavor?
Next time, I will give you strawberry flavor.
Thank you.
All right. Bye.
(He goes to the mart after eating ice cream.)
(He holds the door.)
Hello.
Thank you.
Hello, Seung Jae.
What does a zucchini look like?
Zucchini, zucchini, zucchini, zucchini.
Zucchini, zucchini, zucchini.
Where is the zucchini?
A zucchini.
I will have this one.
- Are you going to buy it? - Yes.
Dad told me to get it.
Don't get me a pumpkin, okay?
- Did he? - Yes.
(Getting snacks)
I will give this to you as a gift.
My goodness, what a surprise!
I thought about what to do for Seung Jae.
I thought it would be nice...
to give him a lucky day.
That's why I asked the residents for a favor.
It's Seung Jae's birthday today.
He will be passing by later.
Would you give him ice cream...
as if it's a gift?
Would you give him jelly as if it's a gift?
I will pay for it in advance.
- I will do that. - Thank you.
Do you know Seung Jae by any chance?
Would you give one to Seung Jae...
and tell him that it's a gift?
Thank you.
Eat this one later.
It's for you.
- Okay. - Bye.
Bye.
(Running)
Hey.
What is it?
Look. Do you know what I have?
Look, I have this much.
It's a birthday present. It's a lollipop.
What is it?
You get to have it since it's your birthday.
I don't like black ones.
- You don't? - No.
I like the pretty ones.
The pretty ones are tasty.
- Hello. - What do I need to press?
Press this button.
Then you put your mouth close to it.
Hello, Sir.
(Only children understand the joke.)
I want to try it.
Hello, sir.
(He laughs at his own joke.)
I bought this.
Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
(What a strange day!)
(It started with ice cream.)
(Then he received jelly...)
(and candies.)
(It's his lucky day.)
(Did he receive his gifts?)
Dad.
Seung Jae.
Look.
Here.
That's a pumpkin.
I didn't bring it.
- What is this? - A candy.
Where did you get the candy?
People gave me a lot of candies...
for my birthday.
Why are there only four?
What? I shouldn't have too many candies.
(He is innocent.)
What else did you get?
Ice cream.
- What? - Ice cream.
Are you happy that you received gifts?
Yes, this is how happy I am.
I am happy when he is.
When he returned with a big smile,
I was glad that I came up with the plan.
Let's go.
- Let's go. - Okay.
Where are we going?
I had left the car...
to a car hospital. We need to go and find it.
- We will be taking a bus. - Okay.
Have you taken a bus before?
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
We once took a train.
We once took a subway.
We have never taken a bus.
- No. - No, we haven't.
- I have taken a bus. - What?
- By yourself? - By yourself?
Yes.
Gosh, you are a baby.
No, I am strong.
- What? - I am a man.
It's my first time...
- taking a bus in Jeonju. - Me too.
I took a bus when the fare was 20 cents.
I bet you don't know this.
Back in the days,
people used tokens to ride the bus.
They were for riding the bus.
Also,
there was a way...
to turn 10 tickets into 11 tickets.
Instead of following the lines,
we cut the tickets a bit short of the line.
It gave you 11 tickets.
It's a trick.
I am sure everyone has done it.
I am excited to ride the bus.
Children.
This is a payphone.
I wonder how much it is to make a call.
People who don't have cell phones...
can use this to make a call.
I used it when a call cost two cents.
I bet it costs about five cents now.
People don't use it anymore.
Everyone has a cell phone these days.
Since you don't have one, use a payphone...
to call me, okay?
- What's your number? - Don't you know it?
No.
Oh, my goodness. 0, 1, 0.
- 0, 1, 0. - 0, 1, 0.
0, 1, 0.
(Hesitant)
- 0, 1, 0. - I can't reveal it.
People might call me...
and tell me not to tease Si An.
I will tell you later.
Okay.
Look, this is the station.
We get on the bus here.
We are taking bus number 61.
We need to wait 10 minutes.
Dad, I want chocolate milk.
We have 10 minutes.
What do you want?
- Chocolate milk. - Chocolate milk.
I want banana milk.
Si An, go and buy them, okay?
What about me?
We need to wait for the bus.
If Si An comes back with them in 10 minutes,
we will be able to have chocolate and banana milk.
Otherwise, we will have to leave.
You can't walk slowly, okay?
(Everything depends on Si An.)
Seol A and Soo A's snacks depend on Si An.
Will he succeed?
Si An will succeed, right?
Put your hand up.
We need to move fast.
(His legs move fast.)
I am hungry. Hurry up.
I will bring back chocolate milk.
Please wait.
We need to move fast.
I will be back fast.
Then you should run.
The bus will be here. Let's go quickly.
(9 minutes remain.)
2 chocolate milk and 2 banana milk, okay?
Buy them fast.
- Dad, what's wrong? - We don't have time.
Hurry up.
(Why is he in a hurry?)
No matter what he does,
Si An takes his time.
He is always relaxed and slow.
(The day he goes to the kindergarten)
(Taking his time)
(When he eats chocolate)
(This video has been slowed.)
It's time to take get on the boat. Look.
(He goes his way.)
(He was called a sloth.)
I want to see Si An hurry.
Ask her...
- where the items are. - Where are...
banana milk and chocolate milk?
- Go to the refrigerator. - Go quickly.
Refrigerator?
We don't have time to look around.
Run, run.
Go quickly. Run.
(He gathers his senses and sprints.)
There it is. Don't look around.
Come here.
(He is being a sloth today.)
You will miss the bus.
Here they are. Here they are.
What do you need? What do you need to get?
- Banana milk. - Yes. Banana milk.
(Scanning)
You don't have time to choose.
(It's too high.)
Hurry up. What do you want?
This one?
- This one. - That one?
- That one? - Yes.
Go quickly. We don't have time.
We have three minutes left.
Go quickly. I will get coffee.
Go to the counter.
Si An picks up the speed.
At this rate, he will succeed.
- Hello. Are you ready? - Yes.
Thank you. Would you like a bag?
- Yes. - Okay.
- Please hurry. - Okay.
Si An, this one too.
- Please hurry. - Okay, I will.
Do you have money?
- 6 dollars and 5 cents. - Money.
Take it out quickly.
Take it out quickly. You don't have time.
Take it out quickly. We have two minutes left.
Take it out quickly. Give it to her.
(Is this it?)
Take it out quickly. You don't have time.
You need to pay for it. Take it out quickly.
I need another dollar bill.
Giver her another one. Hurry up.
I need five cents, too.
50 cents. I received 7 dollars.
Put it inside.
- I can't do it. - No, put it inside.
Hurry up and zip it up.
(Wrinkling)
Take the change. Take the change first.
Take the change first.
Take 6 dollars and 5 cents.
Put it in the pouch. Let's go.
Gosh, I am so frustrated.
Put it in here with the receipt.
Thank you.
Let's go. Let's go.
- Don't forget to say bye. - Bye.
Let's go quickly.
Run. Oh, my goodness. We have one minute left.
Hurry up.
- Bye. - Hurry up.
Hurry up. Your sisters are waiting.
The bus is coming. We have one minute left.
We have one minute left. Hurry up.
(Seol A and Soo A, I am on my way.)
I see them.
- How many minutes remain? - How many minutes remain?
Bus number 61 will be here in a minute.
The bus is coming.
Did you get the straws?
- Please give me straws. - Hurry up.
Please give me straws.
Si An, you need to hurry. We have one minute left.
Okay, Dad. Wait.
Please give me three straws.
Please hurry.
I got the straws, Dad.
I got the straws.
Hurry up, Si An. The bus is coming.
The bus is here. Hurry up.
(I am going with the straws, Dad.)
(I am going, Dad.)
Hurry up.
Hurry up. The bus is here.
(He is running as fast as he can.)
- Straws. Straws. - Hurry up.
Did you get the straws? There goes the bus.
We need to wait another 10 minutes.
I am sorry. Let's go. You did a good job.
It's okay to miss the bus.
Dad, the bus left.
Did the bus leave?
- Yes. - Si An was too slow.
- It's Dad's fault. - No, it's not.
Si An went into the store again.
It's your fault.
No, it's not.
- It's your fault. - I don't need the straw.
You went inside the mart to get the straws.
Si An is totally like a turtle.
He is so slow.
Were you a nobleman in your previous life?
He doesn't respond. How frustrating!
Respond.
Si An.
Finish the milk first. You must be thirsty.
You drink fast.
It's because his mouth is hungry.
Is his mouth hungry?
I finished...
How frustrating! What did you say?
Seol A...
Seol A finished the milk.
Did Seol A finish the milk?
Say it fast. "Seol A finished it."
Seol A finished it.
Say it fast. "Seol A finished it." Go.
Seol A...
How frustrating!
She finished it,
but I didn't.
I think you should learn how to speak faster.
It's frustrating for the others.
I don't know.
You don't know.
Okay. Stay slow.
You just need to go the right way.
Bus number 61.
Let's get on the bus.
Hello.
How much is the fare for a child?
It's free for preschoolers.
Let's go further in.
- Let's go further in. - Hello.
Hello.
Go further in.
My goodness.
Where are Seol A and Soo A?
Where are you, Seol A and Soo A?
(Where are my sisters?)
They look comfortable in the bus.
Have you taken the bus a few times?
Si An, where are you going?
We are going to the car hospital.
- You grew up. - Come here, Si An.
There is a seat. Let's go.
- Si An, sit here. - You grew up.
- Si An, sit here. - Sit here.
How pretty!
- Is your name Dae Bak? - No.
It's Si An.
It's Si An, not Dae Bak.
Is your name Ji An?
No, it's Si An.
I am cool.
I am getting off. Sit here with Dad.
Si An, you are riding a bus. This is a bus.
Bus is the biggest.
This is what you press to get off the bus.
When you go to school, you meet girls in a bus.
(It's a line that made men's hearts flutter.)
I get off here.
Say, "I get off here."
Aunt gets off here.
(Aunt gets off here.)
(Let's hurry up and get off.)
I smell something.
It's the smell of ginkgo nuts.
These are ginkgo nuts. Si An, step on them.
(Dong Gook picks up and smells one.)
I stepped on them.
I think it's poop.
(The smell of poop pierces his nose.)
Smell it.
Here.
- It's stinky. - Come here.
Si An, smell it.
Smell it.
I just want you to smell it once.
What are you doing? Look at me.
(Si An's nose is hidden.)
Smell it like this.
I bet her armpit smells worse. Smell it.
Go. It smells like poop.
(Let me get out of here.)
I don't like it.
(Dong Gook refuses to back down.)
(Sneaky)
Here.
(The smell gets on his nose.)
It got on my nose!
- It got on my nose! - No, it didn't.
It didn't get on your nose.
It got on my nose because of you.
(He is busy laughing.)
Do you smell it?
What does it smell like?
It doesn't smell like poop,
but bird poop.
Does it smell like bird poop?
(He is slightly apologetic.)
Si An, do you still smell it?
Is the smell following you?
It's where cars get fixed.
Look.
That's our car.
(His eyes are on Si An.)
Si An. Si An, what is this?
Si An, you got something on your shirt.
(Dong Gook does it again.)
(Secretary Lee, are you serious?)
(I've been hit again.)
Dad, you're quite mischievous.
(Si An's survival story as a son of Dong Gook)
(He will continue to be mischievous.)
(William and Ro Woon spend a good time.)
William and Ro Woon are out for a walk.
- William. - Food!
(Crying)
(William has missed his mealtime.)
William, do you want some food?
- Food? - Food.
- Food? - Can I feed him?
Sure. Give it a go.
(Smiling)
(William has regained his smile quickly.)
William, sit down.
- How do I feed him? - Right here...
Let him lie down, and put his head on your lap.
Put him down? On my lap?
(Ro Woon moves to make it comfortable for William.)
Is it too high?
I've never seen someone lie down like that.
Hey, you're a genius.
(He eats while resting his head on Ro Woon's lap.)
You're so smart.
(Your lap is so comfortable.)
That's right.
You have an older brother, right?
I do.
Is your brother good to you?
- Your reaction... - He is good to me.
He is?
William is going to have a younger sibling soon.
- I'm hungry. - Are you?
What do you like?
I like omelet rice and seafood jjajangmyeon.
Two bowls of seafood jjajangmyeon, please.
(He butchered the pronunciation.)
(Ro Woon, you should cut him some slack.)
Our meal is here.
(Both of them turn around at the same time.)
- Where? - That guy has them.
The one with the motorcycle helmet.
Hello.
- Should I put them there? - Yes, please.
(They both get up at the same time.)
I'd like to welcome you to the new world of food.
William, you haven't had jjajangmyeon, right?
(It's William's first time seeing jjajangmyeon.)
(Where are my manners?)
(I'm sorry I said hi so late.)
Are you saying hello?
- Hi. - Hi.
- Thank you. - Enjoy.
- Please enjoy. - Have a tasty trip back.
What? Tasty trip back?
That looks delicious.
(Rubbing)
(The class of a guy living in Korea for 15 years)
I just remove the wrap. Why are you doing that?
It's neater this way.
I should do it later.
(My daddy is the best!)
(Is the plastic wrap coming off neatly?)
Did you see that?
This looks good.
William, this is how you mix the noodles.
I'm glad I learned how to mix the noodles.
- Jjajangmyeon... - Jjajang...
(Jjajang)
(The noodles are mixed well.)
(Daddy, please feed me quickly.)
William, have a taste. See what it tastes like.
William tastes it. How will he react?
(The size of his eyes double.)
This is like rice cake.
This is like glutinous rice cake.
It seems like he's in love with jjajangmyeon.
(Surprised by the taste, he raises his eyebrows.)
Since he's at it, he eats a noodle too.
Don't bite the chopsticks.
- I guess he likes it. - Don't spill.
(He's about to eat the chopsticks as well.)
(He chews 2 times faster than before.)
He didn't even chew. He's just swallowing it.
(Slurping)
Is it good? Is it tasty?
(He eats up the last piece of the noodle.)
You should give the whole thing to William.
I think I should.
(Keep feeding me.)
William, I will feed you.
- A lot for Daddy. - He keeps on eating.
Food.
(He opens his mouth wide like a baby bird.)
(He eats a lot with a small mouth he has.)
It's healthier when babies eat well.
(That's right. This is the best.)
All right. I'll eat the fallen pieces.
(Don't eat my food.)
Is it good?
(Chewing)
(I never knew something could be so tasty.)
(What is this?)
- Is it empty? - Yes.
I told you that it was.
(Please give me that.)
You hurt me.
(What's wrong with William now?)
William, what do you want?
Oh, my. He wants slices of pickled radish too?
William, do you want a slice of picked radish?
This one?
But how can I eat this without a spoon?
(He's experiencing all kinds of new tastes.)
Spoon.
(What is this?)
(I didn't know there were so many I missed out on.)
Aren't you blown away, William?
(Crunchy)
(He can't stop eating it.)
I just got a compliment.
(This is tasty.)
(When I taste it after taking a breath,)
(it gets sourer and tastier.)
- We forgot something. - What is it?
- We didn't drink water. - We didn't?
- I might lose my breath. - Really?
(Ro Woon is certainly a good actor.)
I got it. I will...
get us some drinks.
- So watch William for me. - Okay.
Please watch him for me.
I will be back.
(Sam leaves to buy some water.)
Let's sit down.
(Ro Woon and William spend the time by themselves.)
This isn't a good song for William, but I'll try.
(What are you going to do?)
(Ro Woon sings "Gangnam Style" for William.)
In the afternoon, she's kind
(William reacts to his singing.)
(What is this song? This is nice.)
(This baby gets it going with the beat.)
(William, you are beautiful and lovely.)
(That's you)
(I'm talking about you)
(I'm so happy.)
(My style is from Gangnam)
(William, you're my kind of baby.)
(The joint performance of Ro Woon and William ends.)
Let's study.
This means snake.
Try it. Try all of it.
(When I don't, smiling is the best option.)
This is a skunk.
(He is completely distracted.)
There?
Isn't studying hard?
I was just like you when I was young.
But if you don't want a hard life as an adult,
you must start studying now.
If you don't study now,
things will be tough when you grow up.
Since we are out, let's ride the swing.
This is a lake.
(Looking stiff)
(Ro Woon is holding him tightly.)
Are you scared?
When you're older, swings are pieces of cake.
(This is fun, Ro Woon.)
What's taking Sam so long?
Taking care of a baby is hard.
Meanwhile, Sam left to buy some water.
He's heading to the restroom.
(Restroom)
(Letting out a sigh)
(Does his stomach hurt?)
I hope he likes this.
Goodness!
What's up with your outfit?
Since it was Ro Woon's birthday,
I wanted to do something special for him.
People go crazy when their favorite person shows up.
I think he will really like it.
I must do this as today is his birthday.
(Ro Woon, someone is coming.)
(He's suddenly feeling ecstatic.)
- Look at this. - Hi. I'm SpongeBob.
(This is Monster SpongeBob.)
The arm must stretch! Come on, stretch!
Hi.
(What about William?)
(He bursts into tears.)
(He's weeping like Zo In Sung.)
I'm SpongeBob.
Shake my hands. Give me a high-five.
(He keeps on crying.)
- Give me a high-five. - He misses his dad.
That's okay.
- He'll be back soon. - Daddy.
Stop crying.
(It seems he won't stop crying anytime soon.)
William, it's daddy.
Daddy?
(Really? Are you my dad?)
William.
(William stopped crying instantly.)
(Wait. That's his dad?)
SpongeBob isn't this fat.
It's because I'm sitting down.
(Laughing)
- What did you say? - Take it off!
Why? I'm Bob...
Hey! My goodness.
William. Hello.
(Good job, Dad.)
You knew it was me, right?
I knew it.
I want to know why you chose SpongeBob.
I heard that you like SpongeBob the most.
I wanted to put on a special event for you.
How do you feel?
- Good. - Good, right?
It's a birthday cake made by SpongeBob!
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear Ro Woon
(Happy 9th birthday!)
Clap!
(Let's meet again soon.)
High-five.
Ta-da.
- What is it? - Guess.
Before you were born when you were inside Mom,
you were this big. You were like a pea.
You were smaller than your nail.
This is you.
(Seung Jae was as small as a pea.)
- What else? - More?
You must have been on your stomach.
That's your butt.
I see your penis too.
I'm serious.
Penis.
- I'll ask Mom. - Yes, ask her later.
Then what happened?
This is when you were 37 weeks and 4 days.
This is just before you were born.
Do you know what we called you then?
(Seung Jae's baby bump nickname)
We called you Thumb.
Guess why we picked that.
From a long time ago,
we used the word thumb to describe a beginning.
Seung Jae... That's right too.
We wanted you to become the best.
That's why you were Thumb.
Just like his nickname,
Seung Jae became the best to his parents.
What were you doing in Mom's belly?
I was playing a dinosaur.
The dinosaurs were swimming in the water.
How?
(Let's travel back to being Thumb.)
Were you swimming in Mom's belly?
Like a fish?
Seung Jae, did you like being inside Mom?
- Yes. - Really?
Mom set the sheets for me.
Did she set the sheets for you?
- It was comfortable. - Was it?
She set down the sheets, so I got a pillow...
and held tightly onto a baby rabbit.
- A baby rabbit? - Yes.
Were you friends since then?
- Yes. - Wow.
You were like this...
until you came out like this.
(Seung Jae was born on October 6, 2014.)
It's been six days since Thumb came out.
He's happy after eating. He's playing with Dad.
Gosh, you're cute.
(Seung Jae was as big as a thumb,)
(but now he's a big boy.)
Then Seung Jae came out?
You were in there for 39 weeks and 4 days.
She incubated me like a chicken.
Yes, like a chicken.
A chicken incubates the chicks.
Was it like that?
You should be good to Mom, right?
It's your birthday, right?
Mom became a mom that day too.
I thought about it and it's my wife's...
3rd birthday as a mom.
It would be nice to surprise her too.
What is Mom's favorite color?
- Purple. - Purple.
It's purple.
I'm going to go buy a cake.
You can go in and pick a flower she would like.
- Okay. - Here.
Welcome.
Hello. I'm here to buy flowers.
Do you want flowers?
Who are they for?
- Mom. - Your mom?
- My mom likes purple. - Purple?
Do you want me to pack this one?
Yes.
What color wrapping paper do you want?
Black, please. Black.
Is it a special day today?
- It's Mom's birthday. - It's her birthday?
- Should we write a card? - Yes.
What should we write? Can you write?
- Yes. - Try it.
- This is Mom. - Mom.
- This is Seung Jae. - Seung Jae.
I'm done.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Dad. - Did you buy it?
- Hello. Thank you. - I bought this.
- This is Mom's card. - Did you get a card too?
- She'll be happy, right? - Thank you.
Let's go.
Seung Jae, can you hear me? Over.
Dad, can you hear me? Over.
I can hear you. Over.
Seung Jae. Our mission name is...
"Surprise Mom". Do you understand? Over.
I got it. Over.
Let's make a path of flowers for her.
(He's so excited.)
- It looks great, Dad. - Isn't it?
Do I go in here?
No.
Let's have Mom open this.
(It's a mysterious box instead of Seung Jae.)
I'll go upstairs, and you should...
go to the kitchen until she comes. Over.
I'm downstairs. Over.
Will their surprise party be successful?
Call Mom. Over.
Okay. Over.
Go, Ko Ji Yong!
Hello?
Hello. Are you coming soon?
Very soon. I'm almost there.
- Soon? - Yes.
How many minutes?
Maybe 10 minutes? 5 to 10 minutes.
- Drive safe. - Okay.
(What is Seung Jae doing in the meanwhile?)
(Swimming)
(He's swimming in flower petals.)
Hey!
(It's ruined...)
(Running)
Come here.
I'll let it go since it's your birthday.
Seung Jae, you have to sit here.
When Mom gets home,
- give her these flowers. - Okay.
Then you can tell me to go.
Watch it carefully.
You drive me crazy.
He's rushing to fix the flower path.
It's not easy to do a surprise.
I feel like I went through a drill.
Dad!
Dad, I love you!
(He must feel sorry.)
I love you too. I love you, Seung Jae.
I love you more!
I love you more.
(Kissing)
Dad...
What?
Dad, buy me a lot of chocolates!
(No wonder he was being sweet.)
Ask Mom for that. Over.
When is Mom coming? Over.
Let's see.
(Focused)
Yang Im is back just in time.
They should get ready.
(Confused)
What is this all of a sudden?
(He doesn't know she's back.)
- Seung Jae, talk. - What is this?
Dad, go!
(The surprise party ended in 5 seconds.)
(He's just excited to see his mom.)
- What's this? - They're flowers.
- Flowers? - Yes.
(Seung Jae, what's wrong with you?)
(The candles are not cooperating.)
(Rushing)
- What is this? - Ta-da.
You have no idea why we're doing this.
- Blow it. - It's his birthday.
Just blow it.
(I want to blow too.)
I should have done three.
(Blowing)
- It's his birthday, - I know.
but it's also your fourth year as a mom.
No, keep it on. Keep it on.
I'm thankful. He knows.
I'm glad he knows.
He's not very good at expressing himself.
I was thankful.
I'm giving you a flower because I love you.
Thank you.
It's because you like purple.
Did you know I like purple?
What's the name of this flower?
Purple.
- Look. - What is that?
It's a letter for you.
What did you write?
- It says "Mom". - Did you write it?
Did you write that?
Yes, like this. I can just do it.
Then I'll give you a thumb up.
- Thank you. - Yes.
There's so many.
What is that, Seung Jae?
(It's a candy ring.)
It's over here.
One.
- Seven. - Seven.
- Buy. Green. - Buy.
It's coming out.
(They bought a candy ring.)
- It's Mom's ring. - It's a ring.
Mom will be happy.
It's a ring on this side and a candy on this side.
(It fits perfectly.)
Thank you.
- It's a huge ring. - It's a huge ring.
Hold on, Mom.
After trying it,
are you giving it to me to eat?
(He really took it right away.)
Can you take it a little later?
Mom, I'll buy you a real ring later.
You already have a ring. How can I buy more?
I have 10 fingers.
(There are 10?)
Mom, take this later.
Where should I take it to?
To the department store, of course.
What for?
What can I do with this at the department store?
You can eat food...
and buy toys too.
Did you think this card was a credit card?
If you write us cards, we'd never starve.
(It's a magical card.)
Thank you.
This is...
- something I prepared. - Mom.
I was wondering what this was.
Is that Seung Jae?
What do you think of when you think of Mom?
Mom? A princess.
- Am I a princess? - Why?
Because she's pretty.
Do you love Mom?
I love her to the sky, earth,
and as much as animals.
My goodness.
As much as the earth and dinosaurs.
I like dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs?
He loves you as much as dinosaurs.
It's the biggest compliment.
I like dinosaurs and Mom.
- Do you like her working? - Yes.
Really? Why?
- She's cool. - Does she look cool?
She's super cool.
What does she do?
My mom works at a hospital!
My mom cured three people!
- Did I cure three people? - How do you know that?
Do you have anything to say to her?
Mom! I love you!
Thank you for loving me!
I love Mom!
Thank you. When did you film this?
Good job, Seung Jae.
I love you, Mom.
Leaving him when he's sick,
or when he asks me if I'm working tomorrow...
before he goes to sleep.
I feel a little bad when I go to work.
(It's what working moms always worry about.)
I was thankful. My child understands.
He understands...
why I have to go.
I'm thankful.
(What is this noise?)
Jane's family wakes up to a noisy sound.
(Blowing raspberries)
(It's Jane's way of waking everyone up.)
(Jane found something.)
(It's her dad's phone.)
(She's copying the button sounds.)
(Buzzing)
(It's suddenly vibrating.)
Mom.
Mom! Mom!
Jane.
Honey, she woke up so early.
You should get up. It's 8am.
Jane, ask Daddy to give you breakfast.
Okay.
I love you.
Yes.
Yes, I love you.
Be careful.
(She's an expert at coming down.)
Good job.
(Let's go eat, Dad.)
Let's go.
I'll give you juice.
I'll open it for you.
(Poking)
(She's imitating the straw.)
Here, drink it.
(It's so sour.)
Is it sour? Is it sour?
(She's looking cute early in the morning.)
Is it sour?
(Shivering)
Since you like shrimp,
I'll make you shrimp fried rice.
What else do we have?
Do you want me to play music?
Here. Sit down.
(I don't like this music.)
(She's skipping the song.)
Did you change the song?
(She's starting to get into the groove.)
Are you dancing? Are you dancing?
Great.
Do you want to come down?
Do you want to come down? No?
Keep dancing.
(Shall I have some fun?)
(Dancing)
(Surprised)
(Slamming)
(You broke my mood.)
He's busy making breakfast for Jane.
He looks pretty skilled.
(Victor's fried rice is ready.)
This is shrimp.
(He's emphasizing that it's shrimp.)
Try the shrimp.
(Let's see how well Dad cooks.)
How is it? Is it yummy?
Is it good?
Good.
(This is hot.)
Great.
(Her appetite is bursting.)
Eat this too.
Don't be greedy.
Thank you.
(Dad, it's really good.)
Tell Mom that you ate well.
Okay!
Where did they go after breakfast?
It's a gym for rhythmic gymnastics.
(Rhythmic gymnastics?)
Wow. What is that? Let's go.
What is that? Let's go.
In Korea, people teach piano or taekwondo...
to their children. It's similar to that.
Most kids here get...
exposed to rhythmic gymnastics.
Rhythmic gymnastics is Russia's national sport.
Jane came to experience it.
(Genna, rhythmic gymnastics coach)
(She looks familiar.)
(She's good.)
- Say hello. - Hello.
Say hello.
(Nice to meet you.)
Hello, I'm Jane.
It's a familiar face. It's Kim Chae Woon.
She was chosen 1st to be on the national team.
She's a talented rising star and athlete.
(She's currently studying in Moscow.)
- Jane. - Jane.
Jane, look.
How do you do that? Watch her.
Look.
(Should I lie down too?)
Down.
Down. Put that down like this.
(Lifting)
(Struggling)
(She's giving her all.)
(Lifting)
How do they do that?
(She's trying so hard.)
(This is a difficult pose.)
(That's easy.)
(She's too ambitious.)
Copy her.
Come on.
Good. No, don't go down.
(She's throwing herself for rhythmic gymnastics.)
(I really tried.)
After warming up,
they're having a dance lesson for Jane.
(She's reacting to the children's music.)
(She's excited.)
(She's so cute.)
(Hey!)
(Dancing)
Great job today.
Milk!
She followed the poses very well.
I'll bring her back...
- if she like it. - Okay.
- Bye. - Bye.
Give her a heart, Jane. Give her a heart.
What does it mean?
(He's teaching her how to make a heart.)
Jane. Give her a heart.
I love you.
Bye, bye.
Bye.
Where are Jane and Victor going to next?
It represents the history and culture of Russia.
It's heart of Moscow, Red Square.
(This landmark is busy all year round.)
It's a place to visit if you're in Moscow.
Jane is wearing a beautiful hanbok.
Gosh, she's like a doll.
(She's getting all the attention.)
What country is that clothing from?
- Korea. - Korea?
(Why are they here?)
Red Square is the first place...
people think of when we talk about Moscow.
I thought she should take a picture in hanbok.
It would be a nice present for her.
(There is one person being adorable.)
(It's Lady Jane.)
Let's go.
(Rushing)
Do you want to throw a coin?
Do you want to try?
This is the middle of Moscow.
If you throw a coin in the middle,
your wish will come true.
- I like it! - Goodness.
Do you want to try it?
We can throw together. Throw it.
(Hold this, will you?)
Try it.
(Throwing)
(She's faking it.)
It's in your hand.
Great.
(Please make my wish come true.)
Let's go.
(She's catching everyone's attention.)
Could I take a picture with her?
- With my daughter? - Yes.
Let's take a picture.
Gosh, Jane is so popular.
Thank you. You're so cute.
Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
(Jane's popularity doesn't stop.)
Take a picture.
Come here. Let's go.
(Moscow is a fan of Jane.)
Gosh. Jane is so popular today.
(She's in a good mood.)
- Where are you from? - Korea.
Why is she dressed like that?
That's our traditional clothing.
Hold her if she's okay.
(Lifting)
(You're strong.)
(Wait, he's...)
You can take a picture with him.
He's a short track skating champion.
Jane, come here.
(She recognized him a little later.)
I just remembered. You won gold...
- at Sochi. - Thank you.
Can she talk yet?
A tiny bit.
You have a really famous father.
Thank you.
(Thank you.)
Jane. Let's take a picture over there.
Stay there, I'll take your picture!
(Rushing)
It's not easy to get a good shot.
Victor decided to change locations.
Some call this the Tetris palace.
It's Saint Basil's Cathedral.
It looks exactly the same as the game.
Don't tell Mom, okay?
(It's ice cream.)
(She's having her very first ice cream.)
(What is this I'm tasting?)
Gosh.
(She can't stop eating it.)
Is it good?
It's good. Let's go there so we can take a picture.
Let's go over there.
Sit down here. Sit.
(He's putting on a headpiece on her.)
Look at that. What is that?
Can I take that?
(Will he succeed this time?)
The ice cream strategy worked.
It's like a photo zone.
Where is her dad?
(Ice cream allowed him to get good shots.)
He succeeded in getting a good shot.
You must be tired from going around,
but you didn't fuss. Thank you.
I love you, honey.
(Good job, Dad.)
(They're so sweet together.)
Let's go see Mom.
- Mom. - Yes.
(The 48 hours will be over soon.)
Mom is waiting for you.
- Mom. - Mom. Where are you?
Mom.
Where is she?
- Mom. - Yes.
Mom!
(She's looking around.)
(Her skirt is flying in the air.)
Let's go find Mom.
(They're on a search.)
Where could she be?
(Where is Mom?)
Mom.
(Is that Mom?)
(No!)
(This is not her either.)
(That's not Mom.)
(What about this person?)
Mom. Over there.
Over there. It's Mom. Go to Mom. Hurry.
It's 30 seconds to finding her mom.
It was their first time being apart.
Both Jane and her mom missed each other.
There you are.
(They're meeting again after 48 hours.)
Did you miss me?
(The 2 days felt like 2 years.)
Who is that?
It's Mom.
I missed you, Jane.
I was getting a portrait drawn.
(Jane is stuck on her mom.)
Did you get some rest?
Why do you look so skinny?
Me? Really?
It must have been difficult. You're skinny.
- I didn't lose weight... - Was it that hard?
Mom. Mom.
After getting off my flight,
it was as if...
I was seeing him. My heart was racing.
It was just for two days.
Jane, do you know where we are?
Where are we?
This is where the picture is.
(A mural dedicated to musician Viktor Tsoi)
Who is that?
My name is Victor too.
This man's name is Victor too.
It's the same.
He's Viktor Tsoi.
He was a famous singer in Russia.
When I was choosing my name,
he was an influence too.
Victor also means winner.
- We want your dad to win. - That's the meaning too.
It's the same.
- Yes? - It's the same.
Is it?
How was it staying alone with Dad?
Were you happy?
You were?
- It was hard, right? - But it was fun.
- Really? - Yes.
Then you can do it for a week next time.
I like it!
(I'd like that!)
Give Daddy a kiss for a job well done.
Dad. Gosh. What about me?
- Gosh. Dad. - Mom and Dad.
Good job.
Gosh.
I'm not sure how much longer...
she'll live as an athlete's wife,
but I hope we can cheer up and do well.
I hope Jane will...
grow bright. Let's do our best.
Thank you and I love you.
(Thank you and I love you.)